together with a composition by luan
santana diego kraemer
already marcelo and alecsandro correia a
Souvenir highlight with your take by
whole life and even knows for a life and
half or live I made goals and fight
with his boyfriend, and thought he was
a perfect had size is not wanting
to make perfect is more than this is you
with its defect
the doors close the windows to exit
life in the field we are more life
besides that's why we tamos together
I think it makes you who he does
konder is happy neither sword my love is yours
shield and together
I think it's good for you and you'll do it for me too.
is happy and I will not do my love this study
year next to the souvenir highlight as your
I will carry on for a lifetime and even know
one way and mail
and I made you attach the cushion to your girlfriend
that he thought it was perfect the hour
Do not want to do thirst is more than that.
Are you sure you made the doors if
close'll find out life is
very crazy but it's still eight more and it 's
that's why we together
But what makes you well what will you do to me?
Being happy is also my sword, my love.
It's your shield and together it does what it does to you.
well what will make me happy neither
Space, my love and your shield and together.
For what is good for you, what will you do to me?
also happy in astonishment my love
full dark
year together
O